c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\CecilHooker.exe.config
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\obj\Debug\CecilHooker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\CecilHooker.exe
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\CecilHooker.pdb
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.pdb
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.pdb
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.pdb
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.pdb
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\obj\Debug\CecilHooker.exe
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\obj\Debug\CecilHooker.pdb
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\NSpeex.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Assembly-UnityScript-firstpass.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Boo.Lang.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\UnityScript.Lang.dll
c:\users\redman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CecilHooker\CecilHooker\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
